WIP Create new documentation website (#1122)
commercetools/commercetools-docs-kit: websites/documentation/src/content/writing/pages.mdx

You can freely organize pages according to the website structure in `src/data/navigation.yaml`.

# Markdown frontmatter

All content pages must contain some metadata enclosed within the `---` lines in the frontmatter section. The frontmatter section is a leading section of a file that allows you to add key-value pairs that define the properties of a content page.

```mdx
---
title: The title of this page
---

This is the actual page content.
```

We support the following key-value pairs in the frontmatter section:

- `title` (string): use (mandatorily) to define the title of a page. It can have the same value as the title in `src/data/navigation.yaml`, or longer.
- `beta` (boolean): use to indicate if <Beta /> should be displayed for an entire page.

  <Info>

  You can use <Beta /> in other places of a file apart from the frontmatter section. For more information, see [Beta section](/writing/sample#beta-section-).

  </Info>

- `excludeFromSearchIndex` (boolean): use to exclude a page from being indexed by web crawlers. This option effectively sets the `robots="noindex"` meta attribute.

  <Warning>

  This doesn't work with Algolia's Docsearch crawler currently.

  </Warning>

> - `navLevels` (number): use to reduce the depth of right-hand index navigation for pages where it could get too long to fit all headings in the screen. You must set to 2. For more information, see [Child section navigation](/writing/navigation#child-section-navigation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `navLevels` (number): use to reduce the depth of right-hand index navigation for pages where it could get too long to fit all headings in the screen. In addition the [Child section navigation](/writing/navigation#child-section-navigation) helps you to keep the index navigation short.
```
